Add Reformer MLM notebook (#5450)
huggingface/transformers: notebooks/README.md

|[Fine-tune T5 for Summarization](https://github.com/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|How to fine-tune T5 for summarization in PyTorch and track experiments with WandB|[Abhishek Kumar Mishra](https://github.com/abhimishra91) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/abhimishra91/transformers-tutorials/blob/master/transformers_summarization_wandb.ipynb)|
|[Speed up Fine-Tuning in Transformers with Dynamic Padding / Bucketing](https://github.com/ELS-RD/transformers-notebook/blob/master/Divide_Hugging_Face_Transformers_training_time_by_2_or_more.ipynb)|How to speed up fine-tuning by a factor of 2 using dynamic padding / bucketing|[Michael Benesty](https://github.com/pommedeterresautee) |[![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1CBfRU1zbfu7-ijiOqAAQUA-RJaxfcJoO?usp=sharing)|

> |[Pretrain Reformer with MLM objective](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Reformer_For_Masked_LM.ipynb)| How to train a Reformer model with bi-directional self-attention layers | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tzzh0i8PgDQGV3SMFUGxM7_gGae3K-uW?usp=sharing)|

Author: ```suggestion
|[Pretrain Reformer for Masked Language Modeling](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten/notebooks/blob/master/Reformer_For_Masked_LM.ipynb)| How to train a Reformer model with bi-directional self-attention layers | [Patrick von Platen](https://github.com/patrickvonplaten) | [![Open In Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1tzzh0i8PgDQGV3SMFUGxM7_gGae3K-uW?usp=sharing)|
```
